component_types = Topic.create(key: "component_types", label: "Component Types", description: "Components are the physical parts that constitute a system. In our research we found several types of recurring components in the systems. From the security perspective, the available component types provide an indication of possible attack vectors. Regardless of the attack vectors for specific components, generic attack vectors apply to every component type. Furthermore, the more component types are used in a system, the more attack vectors are in the interaction layer amongst them. There may be compound devices in the system to which several component types apply, in this case, all component types that apply to those devices must be check marked for the respective system.")
sensor = Item.create(key: "sensor", label: "Sensors", description: "Sensors are passive components that signal environmental conditions to the system but do not manip- ulate their environment. Sensors may receive commands e.g. for device configuration.", topic: component_types)
actuators = Item.create(key: "actuator", label: "Actuators", description: "Actuators are active components which manipulate their environmetbased on commands from other components. Providing actuators with counterfeit commands may enable unauthorised control.", topic: component_types)
cameras = Item.create(key: "camera", label: "Cameras", description: "Cameras are more complex than other sensors as they process high amounts of data and usually require special communication behaviours and protocols. Compromising cameras may provide unauthorised surveillance, which may lead to various possibilities of abuse.", topic: component_types)
repeaters = Item.create(key: "repeater", label: "Repeaters", description: "Repeaters are passive components which forward messages between components using the same communication protocol. Faking identity of or infiltrating a vulnerable repeater may enable one to eavesdrop on an arbitrary amount of a system’s communication or to tamper with it.", topic: component_types)
protocol_bridge = Item.create(key: "protocol_bridge", label: "Protocol Bridge", description: "Unlike repeaters, protocol bridges mediate communication between different protocols, in contrast to controllers, they do not translate the information payload but encapsulate it.", topic: component_types)
controller = Item.create(key: "controller", label: "Controller", description: "A controller is a component which uses complex logic, e.g., to manage components in one or multiple component networks, execute automation rules, provide API for frontend applications, connect to external services and more. Hence a controller is considered to be a complex device, which may expose a multitude of vulnerabilities.", topic: component_types)
mobile_app = Item.create(key: "mobile_app", label: "Mobile App", description: "Mobile apps are usually used to give a user convenient access to a system’s functionality. This may include viewing and modifying components’ status and system configuration. As mobile apps are specific to a device executing them, e.g., a tablet or a smartphone, they may be compromised by attacks that the particular device is vulnerable to.", topic: component_types)
web_frontend = Item.create(key: "web_frontend", label: "Web Frontend", description: "Similar to mobile apps, web frontends give a user access to a system’s functionality. In contrast to mobile apps, web frontends are not specific to a particular device and can usually be accessed by any device that is connected to the corresponding network, thus potentially exposing respective vulnerabilities.", topic: component_types)
internet_backend = Item.create(key: "internet_backend", label: "Internet Backend", description: "Internet backends provide server- or cloud-based Internet access and may enable one to outsource and backup a system’s data and configuration. Forging an Internet backend’s identity or tampering with the communication between the backend and a system may provide arbitrary access to the connected system.", topic: component_types)

automation = Topic.create(key: "automation", label: "Automation", description: "Many systems provide a functionality to automate processes described by rules—for instance, actuators performing actions based on corresponding sensor inputs. In general, a higher degree of automation may raise more potential vulnerabilities.")
sensor_actuator_association = Item.create(key: "sensor_actuator_association", label: "Sensor Actuator Association", description: "In sensor-actuator association, a sensor’s output is directly associated to an actuator’s input, i.e., the actuator will perform an action if the sensor emits a corresponding value. This requires associated actors and sensors to use the same protocol and may remain active even in absence of a controller or communication with frontends. The often simple point-to-point communication between associated devices may be tampered with.", topic: automation)
remote_control = Item.create(key: "remote_control", label: "Remote Control", description: "In the scheme, remote control is defined to be performed through web frontends or mobile apps. In contrast to sensor-actuator association, components to be controlled usually use various different communication protocols, requiring a controller or bridge to communicate with.", topic: automation)
static_rules = Item.create(key: "static_rules", label: "Static Rules", description: "Static rules are usually trigger-based, using, e.g., sensor values, user interaction or time conditions to execute corresponding actions. While the evaluation of static rules is usually performed by a component with higher logic functions, e.g., by a controller or Internet backend, and may include simple calculations to generate output values, static rules do not include variable arguments, which would turn them into adaptive automation.", topic: automation)
adaptive_automation = Item.create(key: "adaptive_automation", label: "Adaptive Automation", description: "Adaptive automation is based on static rules with variable parameters that are evaluated and refined by a learning function, which can potentially be tampered with.", topic: automation)

extensibility = Topic.create(key: "extensibility", label: "Extensibility", description: "IoT and smarthome systems may be extended in various ways. From the security perspective extensibility requires either functionality that is not used if the extension is not available or relies on interfaces (software or hardware), which may expose vulnerabilities. Extensibility also refers to components that can be used within the system. A fully extensible system would allow the addition of arbitrary devices, while a closed system would only accept integration of a number of specific trustworthy devices.", topic: extensibility)
extension_with_arbitrary_devices = Item.create(key: "extension_with_arbitrary_devices", label: "Extension with Arbitrary Devices", description: "While most IoT and smarthome systems favor specific extension devices, e.g., only supporting devices of the system’s manufacturer, some systems also allow for the extension with arbitrary devices, providing such devices with at least a minium set of functionality. Application of arbitrary devices may cause the introduction of vulnerabilities specific to a particular device.", topic: extensibility)
third_party_services = Item.create(key: "third_party_services", label: "Third-Party Services", description: "External services usually use REST APIs to integrate their functionality into a system. A common way is to use webhooks or foreign APIs, while a system itself may also provide a dedicated API for third-party use. In the scheme definition this also includes non-public APIs. As network APIs can be reverse engineered, it is irreleavant whether a documentation is publicly available or not.", topic: extensibility)
integration_with_other_smarthome_systems = Item.create(key: "integration_with_other_smarthome_systems", label: "Integration with other Smarthome Systems", description: "Many systems allow the integration of other IoT and smarthome systems, for instance, it is possible to include Phillips Hue with many other systems. If this integration is performed, the host-system will inherit at least some of the vulnerabilities of the connected system.", topic: extensibility)
software_add_ons_and_firmware_upgrades = Item.create(key: "software_add_ons_and_firmware_upgrades", label: "Software Add-Ons and Firmware Upgrades", description: "Systems that allow one to install add-ons (plugins) or to update the firmware are regarded equally vulnerable from the security perspective, as both enable one to install potentially harmful software.", topic: extensibility)
hidden_features = Item.create(key: "hidden_features", label: "Hidden Features", description: "Some systems offer additional features that may be unlocked with a special token, e.g., an unlock code. In contrast to extensibility by software add-ons, such hidden features are usually already present in the system, potentially inlcuding additional, not obvious vulnerabilities.", topic: extensibility)
hardware_add_ons = Item.create(key: "hardware_add_ons", label: "Hardware Add-Ons", description: "Hardware add-ons enable one to provide components with additional functionality, e.g., dongles to support additional protocols. Unlike arbitrary devices which depend on existing functionality, hardware add-ons provide extra functionality, potentially exposing additional attack vectors to the system. To enable the integration of such add-ons, the component to be extended usually already contains corresponding software.", topic: extensibility)
extension_modules = Item.create(key: "extension_modules", label: "Extension Modules", description: "Extension modules accumulate the characteristics and security considerations of both soft- and hardware add-ons, i.e., hardware along with the software needed for its operation within the target system. This may also entail further vulnerabilities.", topic: extensibility)

access_paths = Topic.create(key: "access_paths", label: "Access Paths", description: "Access paths describe the ways the user can interact with the system and how the components interact amongst each other.")
radio_components = Item.create(key: "radio_components", label: "Radio components", description: "Many systems use radio protocols like IEEE 802.15.4, Bluetooth or WiFi for communication between components. This may allow an attacker to manipulate the system from some distance without having to be present at the location.", topic: access_paths)
wired_components = Item.create(key: "wired_components", label: "Wired Components", description: "In wired components, communication between the components is performed via cable instead of RF. For an attacker, physical access to the cable is required to perform malicious actions. Based on this fact, some wire-based protocols entirely lack authentication and encryption.", topic: access_paths)
local_network_API = Item.create(key: "local_network_API", label: "Local network API", description: "Frontends often may use an API over the local network to communicate with components. This access path may be missing network security features that are not usable in local environments (like TLS). Furthermore, many systems seem to rely on local networks as a trusted connection.", topic: access_paths)
internet_API = Item.create(key: "internet_API", label: "Internet API", description: "The system exposes a network API for frontends or external services which makes it accessible via Internet. In this scenario the possible group of attackers is larger, but it is also possible to incorporate more security features compared to a local environment.", topic: access_paths)
non_API_access = Item.create(key: "non_API_access", label: "Non-API access", description: "Commonly, systems provide an API to access the specific functionality of the system, some systems also provide non-API access, e.g. to upload or download files via ftp", topic: access_paths)
